# Staff Team Weekly Sync -- 2020-01-10

Meeting Lead: None, it was a P2P meeting :)

Recording: hackmd.io note

## 2020-01-17

### Tech :computer:

* [@aeddi, @glouvigny] Protocol brainstorm (reviewed pretty much everything, simplified the group metadata usage, thought about replication services)
* [@aeddi] worked on gomobile-ipfs with @gfanton to implement the changes requested in the PR review (done, just need to edit the README and notify Protocol Labs team that the changes have been implemented)
* [@gponsinet] finished setting up the store based on saga pattern
* [@gponsinet] set up the protocol js grpc bridge and orbitdb grpc bridge
* [@gponsinet] started the implementation of account creation feature (store is done, starting the ui integration) (https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/1617)
* [@gfanton] replaced the command methods with `RequestBuilder` on iOS/Android on [gomobile-ipfs](https://berty.tech/gomobile-ipfs)
* [@gfanton] added `bertydemo` client for CLI
* [@gfanton] added the persistence option for bertydemo bridge
* [@n0izn0iz] implemented `bertydemo` gRPC methods

### Ops :cool:

* [@aeddi] made a talk about the Berty Protocol during the P2P Festival #0 (~1 hour) https://p2p.paris/en/talks/introduction-ipfs-berty-protocol/
* [@moul] made a talk about Open Source communities: https://p2p.paris/en/talks/join-contribute-open-source-projects/
