# Staff Team Weekly Sync -- 2019-09-20

**Meeting Lead**: None, it was a P2P meeting :)
**Recording**: _hackmd.io note_



### Tech :computer:

* [@alexsland] fix issues, update styling and improve SEO of berty.tech website
* [@glouvigny] started defining interfaces for Berty crypto and protocol + started crypto implementation #v2
     * Will need further refinements while implementing
     * Waiting for repository cleanup
* [@moul] started defining go packages organization [berty/berty#1281](https://github.com/berty/berty#1281) (comment) #v2
* [@aeddi] fixed berty.tech repo after switching to go 1.13 with @gfanton, @gponsinet and @moul [berty/berty#1367](https://github.com/berty/berty#1367)
* [@aeddi] finished the v1 of gomobile-ipfs with @gfanton: [berty/gomobile-ipfs#5](https://github.com/berty/gomobile-ipfs#5)
     * PoC for the gomobile lib is done
     * Implemented a simple demo react-native app
     * Waiting for review of @Stebalien and @parkan before moving the repo under IPFS organization [berty/gomobile-ipfs#7](https://github.com/berty/gomobile-ipfs#7)
* [@gponsinet] start setup of v2 client with @n0izn0iz [berty/berty#1373](https://github.com/berty/berty#1373) #v2
    * Storybook setup is done
    * WIP configure babel/typescript in /client
    * Next step is to merge and finish @berty/app setup



### Ops :cool:

* [@alexsland] ordered stuff: plastic signs, stickers, furniture, ink pads, lunch tokens, t-shirts "we are hiring", business cards
* [@moul] configured public chat solutions for Berty community (discord, matrix, telegram, gitter, keybase)
* [@pierreboc] did a quick shot on berty's universe (Adding fews ideas to the main doc & presented it to the team)
* [@pierreboc] started a new roadmap for 'crypto' blogposts and published one [E2EE](https://berty.tech/blog/e2e-encryption/)
* [@pierreboc] worked on a roadmap for social media and content strategy delivery, helped by [@Camillesjoholm] and [@zooma2k18]
* [@Camillesjoholm] prepared the email template for Press Release (PR) and worked on the newsletter
* [@Camillesjoholm] initiated the source search for a new video
* [@Camillesjoholm] reworked the support content according to v2 of the app




### Misc

* Last week, the whole team was off last week (Berty's annual closing period) 
* Debates & Brainstorms
    * updated: 12-factor methodology - [berty/berty#1279](https://github.com/berty/berty#1279)
    * updated: handle event failures - [berty/berty#1197](https://github.com/berty/berty#1197)
    * updated: specific branch and fallack - [berty/berty#1352](https://github.com/berty/berty#1352)
    * updated: roadmap management - [berty/staff#821](https://github.com/berty/staff/#821)
    * updated: yolo v2 - [berty/staff#816](https://github.com/berty/staff/#816)
    * updated: react-native developers job needs - [berty/staff#819](https://github.com/berty/staff/#819)
    * updated: list of projects we love and want to support - [berty/staff#873](https://github.com/berty/staff/#873)
