# Staff Team Weekly Sync -- 2019-09-27

**Meeting Lead**: _None, it was a P2P meeting :)_
**Recording**: _hackmd.io note_


### Tech

* [@gfanton] /w @aeddi on gomobile ipfs, need some changes to be done after ipfs_core review
* [@glouvigny] Continued some crypto implementation around sigchain and account creation
* [@glouvigny] /w @gfanton, @moul, @aeddi Defined/reviewed/argued/corrected Berty protocol definition
* [@glouvigny] /w @aeddi Discussed the group invitations and group secrets sharing among the members
* [@alexsland] Website dramatic new look
* [@moul] /w @aeddi, @gfanton, @glouvigny, @gfanton; Reorganized the whole project layout
* [@moul] Improved builds reproducibility and overall quality by tweaking makefiles, CI config and git hooks
* [@aeddi] /w @gfanton responded to questions/requests about gomobile-ipfs to Textile and IPFS teams
* [@gponsinet] /w @n0izn0iz finish setup typescript + storybook with shared story library
* [@n0izn0iz] Setup Bazel for goland and proto

### Ops

* [@camillesjoholm] preparation /w @theotop of the video presenting the internet numbers/stats and the risks involved
* [@camillesjoholm] work on the presentation of street art project /w @pierreboc and @theotop
* [@camillesjoholm] continued to work on many things in progress: support, orders (t-shirts & webcam cache), mail launch template #internal
* [@pierreboc] finished working on a new content strategy
* [@pierreboc] has completed the plan of the next 4 blog articles

### Misc

* Debates & Brainstorms
  * Updated: Roadmap Management - https://github.com/berty/staff/issues/821
  * New: Bazel remote caching server - https://github.com/berty/berty/issues/1394
